Migrates How to File A Bug from WebFu (#3244)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/how-to-file-a-good-bug/index.md

and it might help you find a short term workaround until the bug is fixed.

## Has it been reported before?

Once you have an idea of what the bug is, it's time to check to see if the bug
has already been reported by searching the browser bug database.

* Chromium-based browsers: [https://crbug.com][cr-bug]
* Firefox: [https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/][moz-bug]
* Safari & WebKit-based browsers: [https://bugs.webkit.org/][wk-bug]

If you find an existing bug that describes the problem, add your support
by starring, favoriting, or commenting on the bug. And, on many sites,
you can add yourself to the CC list and get updates when the bug changes.

If you decide to comment on the bug, include information about how the bug
affects your website. Avoid adding "+1" style comments, as bug trackers
typically send emails for every comment.

## Report the bug

If the bug hasn't been reported before, it's time to tell the browser vendor
about it.

### Create a minimized test case {: #minified-test-case }

Mozilla has a great article on
[how to create a minimized test case][mdn-reduced-testcase]. To make a
long story short, while a description of the problem is a great start, nothing

> beats providing a linked demo that in the bug that shows the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
beats providing a linked demo in the bug that shows the
```

problem. To maximize the chance of fast progress the example should contain
the minimum possible code needed to demonstrate the problem. A minimal code
sample is the number one thing you can do to increase the odds of your
bug getting fixed.

Here are a few tips for minimizing a test case:

> * Download the web page, add `<base href="https://original.url">` and verify
>   that the bug exists locally. This may require a live HTTPS server if the
>   URL uses HTTPS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Download the web page, add 
  [`<base href="https://original.url">`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/base)
  and verify that the bug exists locally. This may require a live HTTPS server if the
  URL uses HTTPS.
```
TIL about `<base>`

updated: 2020-06-15
description: |
  Telling browser vendors about issues you find in their browser,
  on a specific device or platform is an integral part of making
  the web platform better!
tags:
  - blog
---

Filing a good bug isn't hard, but takes a little work. The goal is to make it
easy to find what's broken, reach the root cause and, most importantly, find a
way to fix it. Bugs that make fast progress tend to be easy to reproduce with a
clear expected behavior.

## Verify it is a bug

The first step is to figure out what the "correct" behavior should be.

### What's the correct behavior?

Check the relevant API docs on [MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/), or try to
find related specs. This information can help you decide which API is actually
broken, where it's broken, and what the expected behavior is.

### Does it work in a different browser?

Behavior that differs between browsers is generally prioritized higher as an
interoperability issue, especially when the browser containing the bug is the
odd one out. Try to test on the latest versions of Chrome, Firefox, Safari and
Edge, possibly using a tool like [BrowserStack](https://www.browserstack.com/).

> If possible, check that the page isn't intentionally behaving differently due to
> user agent sniffing. Try setting the user agent string to another browser in
> Dev Tools > Menu > More Tools > Network conditions. Note: don't forget to set
> it back to Select automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If possible, check that the page isn't intentionally behaving differently due to
user agent sniffing. In Chrome DevTools, try [setting the `User-Agent` string
to another browser](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/chrome-devtools/device-mode/override-user-agent).
```
